Changing rounding of Uniform_Integer example (#36)
CitrineInformatics/gemd-docs: docs/specification/value-types.md

##### Example

> A value field recorded from a digital display reading "0.245".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A value field recorded from a digital display recording a number of counts (e.g., Geiger counter).
```

```json
{
    "type" : "uniform_integer",

>     "lower_bound": 0.2445,
>     "upper_bound": 0.2554

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    "lower_bound": 246,
    "upper_bound": 255
```
The suggested values are non-integer
